hi I'm Blythe meds I'm teaching you how
to look great and feel great with ease
with super easy breezy recipes here okay
we are going to make the hemp seed humus
this is how easy this is
so award season is here you guys are
going to want to have some healthy easy
tasty appetizers to serve so this is
what we're going to do we have soaked
sunflower seeds sunflower seeds are
excellent protein source I've soaked
them for just a couple hours to soften
them up to germinate them as well turn
them into a living seed so a cup of
sunflower seeds goes into the food
processor we'll just use them all up
there these are great sprouting jars too
and they only cost a couple dollars when
they make it easy so you can just drain
the water right out then we're going to
use about a cup of hemp seeds we're just
going to pour it in there then we're
going to use about a half a cup of a
cold-pressed organic olive oil we're
going to use a teaspoon sea salt you got
to go with a good sea salt
no iodized salt you got to go with a
highly mineralized excellent sea salt
black pepper black pepper helps all the
nutrients in what we're eating be
absorbed into our system then we're
going to go with a teaspoon of cumin
then we're going to just squeeze a lemon
in there squeeze a lemon up there I
really don't worry about the seeds
because this Breville sous-chef food
processor will just puree it all up I'm
going to put three garlic cloves in
there these are going to my compost pail
later and I'm going to put about a
tablespoon and a half of tahini in here
tahini is a sesame seed paste this is a
really great company this art Isana
tahini is a raw organic tahini not all
tahini is so this one you're going to
get more nutrition from if you can find
the raw tahini I'm going to save the
cilantro so after I do my fierce puree
that's it we're just going to puree it
up
now hemp seeds are super high in the
full spectrum of amino acids so they're
really helping serve you I mean I I eat
mostly vegetarian and where I people are
I was like where to get your protein
where you get your protein
well greens have a lot of protein this
has protein but also our seeds and our
nuts have an incredible amount of
protein so it's false to believe that we
need to eat animal foods we really don't
we're just gonna put that cilantro in
puree it up for just a moment I can
smell that it smells so good so fresh
and cilantro it's a heavy metal
detoxifier so it actually helps pull the
aluminum it's like we get aluminum in
our bodies from pots and pans from you
know flatware from serving utensils and
so eating cilantro actually binds with
those metals and pulls them out of your
body so it's a really good thing to know
so we've just cut up some beautiful
organic cucumbers and bell peppers so
you can serve this hummus also with
healthy chip or with radishes are really
nice I always like to have raw radishes
really good for the liver so we'll just
put a little bit of this in this bowl so
this hummus actually nutritionally far
surpasses our friend the chickpea on
this even though we love chickpea hummus
is good but it's cooked legumes and
these are sprouted germinated seeds so
nutritionally far superior so enjoy this
I'm gonna have a try because it just
looks so good I can really smell it you
can really smell that cilantro and a
garlic mmm
mmm it's really nice the black pepper
it's a very like full full taste you
know it's like a very rounded taste so
until we meet again
feel good friends and good food really
does help Cheers
mmm
hope you liked that video please
subscribe to my channel and for more
healthy happy lifestyle living go to
Blythe natural living comm see you there